For the project we want to analyze and assist the growth of a bean plant. The intention is to use a minimum of three sensors. We want to collect data about the plant with the help of the ultrasonic sensor, a moisture sensor and a light sensor. The ultrasonic sensor is placed in line with the plant in order to measure the distance to the plant and thus its length. The moisture sensor is placed in the soil in which the plant is located. The sensor is used to measure the moisture content in this soil. When the soil is too dry, a warning is generated indicating that the plant needs more water. On the other hand, a warning is given when the soil is too moist and watering should be reduced. The light sensor monitors how much light the plant is exposed to. It is extremely important for the growth of the plant that it gets enough sunlight. Optionally, an oxygen and temperature sensor can be added to guarantee the ideal conditions in which the plant grows. Sources on the internet will be consulted to find out the exact values ​​for these ideal conditions.

All data generated by these sensors must be sent to a backend. For this we want to use the Arduino ESP8266, a microprocessor with Wi-Fi capability and a full TCP / IP stack. The data is processed in the backend, so that results can be demonstrated in the frontend, for example in the form of a mobile application. The warnings generated using the sensors will also be found in this same application. The guest lessons about building an Android application will come in handy here. At the end of the project, we want to be able to show a graph that shows the length of the plant based on time. We also want to be able to draw conclusions about the extent to which ideal conditions, such as moisture content and sunlight, play a role in the growth of the plant.
